Speaker (President – the same hereinafter): If they were to compare my intellectual level, even though they put together what tens of millions of scientists have identified, it would only be a part of what I am capable of. Hence, if you only listened to me, you would not realize anything. You should verify my words. Only after doing so you would get well worth attending this meeting. I am going to first ask you a simple question to check if you are capable of figuring out where you are at, before proceeding to the debate.

Please tell me if anyone knows why you are living, what your purpose of life is.

Student: Nobody answers.

Speaker: I have met numerous outstanding people in the world. Yet, I have never encountered anyone who answered to my question. You should take this point very seriously. You all received a lot of education but still cannot answer. If you cannot acknowledge this reality as such, it is not important to explain to the blind what is in front of his eyes. What is important is to make him open his eyes, to let him see what is there.

I will ask a second question. The world has existed for tens of billions of years. In this matter, under what principle is there a future in the world? The world made living things exist until this point. It will continue to be that way forever. Then, under what principle is the world making these things happen?

Student: Earth will be burnt by the Sun in the near future. 

Speaker: Such situation will not take place.

Student: The scientists say Earth will get hotter because of the Sun.

Speaker: It is dangerous to speak of a hypothesis without it being validated.

Speaker: So you think Earth will continue to exist?

Speaker: I never say what I think. I observe what happens, and speak of things that happen to be in the happening. I tell the law within the observed situations. I am capable of revealing the truth in any field. That is also the reason why I came here.

Student: I believe a significant amount of power is needed for Earth to continue its existence.

Speaker: The time repeats in 12-hour cycle, a day in 24-hour cycle, and a month in 28~31-day cycle. Moreover, a year is repeated in 12-month cycle. 

The world is repeating itself in 6,000 or 7,000-year cycle with the activities of things that have occurred. If what I said now is wrong or if what the scientists said is right, the Earth would have been fossilized hundreds of thousands of years ago. 

Student: Is the periodic movement of Earth for 6,000 years? 

Speaker: The cycle I spoke of means to return to the starting point.

Student: What is that cycle?

Speaker: If the cycle goes back to the starting point, it means going back to the starting point of the past. It means that if we started from a place where there was no civilization, then when the civilization is developed to reach a high level, then it would decline and going back to the starting point.

I will first check if you are capable of realistic understanding in a particular field, then I will tell you what you want to know. Why is philosophy valued in the human world? And what is the precise meaning of the term philosophy?

Student: Philosophy is about answering ‘how’ to ‘why’ questions. 

Speaker: When speaking of mathematical problems, we say the numbers first. When teaching mathematics to another person, we teach numbers first. What are the fundamentals of philosophy? What can you tell people about what philosophy is?

Student: Everything that we think.

Speaker: Then that philosophy is a very dangerous one. How can we acknowledge existing matters with thoughts? I will ask one more question. In human world, why do people speak of love, and ask for love?

Student: Because it is needed for the preservation of the human species. 

Speaker: You are talking about acts of affection. Acts of affection alone can preserve the species. I will ask again. In schools or religions, they use the term truth a lot. What exactly is truth?

Student: Speaking of exactly what something is. 

Speaker: If truth is what everything exactly is, everything is bound to change. Can truth change?

Student: Truth can change, and has changed.

Student: In human society, they say truth is unchangeable. Truth is something that exists without changing.

Student: What is the point of your five questions? And what is the point of the work you do?

Speaker: You have to study the reality. It will be helpful for you and the world by doing so. 

No scientist has ever identified that there will be period of change in the future of Earth. Even if I tell you what will happen in the 21st century, you will never recognize anything correctly. 

In terms of the time, we are already in the 21st century. In this 21st century, there will be a lot of disasters and a lot of confusion due to a shortage of food and bankruptcy of financial institutions. However, you do not have to worry too much about these issues. If you study the reality from now on, you can get everything you want within it. The books taught at school are written without knowing the answers to the question of what is taking place. 

Just because a man named Carnegie had built a steel industry in hardship and has amassed a great fortune, not everyone can succeed like Carnegie even if his life story is taught in schools. In order to be a person like Carnegie, you yourself must turn into someone like Carnegie. The education you are getting at school is only staying at the one-dimensional level.

Student: What is truth?

Speaker: Truth is the law that makes existing things exist. The ‘2+2=4’ you can see in mathematics; that is the truth. 

The answer that makes existing things exist, in other words, truth is the answer that exists by a problem. You may retort that what exists is not truth. 

However, what exists within a formula never changes. It is unchangeable. You can say that a law is truth. Hence if existing matters are viewed from a lawful viewpoint, the reality is bound to be revealed. 

The reason why truth is not properly taught in the human world is because the ones with untruth made the people unaware of the truth in order to hide the existing matters. 

Student: What are existing matters?

Speaker: Existing matters refers to all reality that makes the world exist. 

Those you can observe with your eyes and those that cannot be seen are all existing matters.

Student: What is the basis of reality?

Speaker: Existing matter itself is the basis of reality. In mathematics, numbers are the basis, and existing matters is the basis in the world. 

Student: Is love an existing matter?

Speaker: I ask again. What do you call love?

Student: Love is what cannot be spoken about.

Speaker: A few years ago, I have met a famous philosopher, Mr. Boyd in Europe. I told Mr. Boyd, “People use the word love a lot. Please explain to me the love you are learning about, and teaching. But he could not answer.

I was getting impatient with waiting, so I asked, “Could I answer to my own question?” Then he brightened up and asked me to explain love to him.

So I told him, “Every time I meet a person, the love I give for him is to teach him conscience and justice. Conscience is the way to brighten one's mind and justice is the way to brighten the society. It would be a blessing if people of the human world could have bright minds because of me and we get to live in a bright world.” 

People all think differently, and since everyone has things they do, I get to know people by asking them questions first. Yet nobody has been able to answer clearly. The reason why I do not have anything to give you here, is because the difference between your and my perspective is too big; as you look at the world with your eyes closed, while I look at the existing matters of the world with my eyes open.

Student: How can people know for themselves that they are looking with their eyes closed?

Speaker: I have asked 5 questions today. These are the most basic common sense that human ought to know. A person that do not know numbers do not know what ‘5’ is. Someone that does not know ‘1’ would not know ‘5’.

When I went to England eight years ago, I had been very embarrassed. The person I met was a well-known, highly intellectual philosopher in London. 

Since I was travelling, I visited his office with my cheap shirt and pants on, even without a tie. He looked at me and could not hide his disappointment in his face, and looked directly at the clock even without offering me a seat. So I said something that may have offended him a little.

“I came to England to find a good teacher or a good teaching, but I cannot find any.”

Then he said with an angry tone. “There are a lot of good teachers and good teaching in England.”

So I spoke as I sat on the chair, even though he had not offered me a seat.

“I am intrigued by your remark just now. What good teachings do you know of, and what kind of teacher are you referring to when speaking of a good teacher? 

He could not answer, so I ended up telling him. “A good teacher must be truthful, and a good teaching is teaching an existing matter as it is, in an easy way.”

Student: What is the definition of philosophy?

Speaker: Philosophy is about learning what something is. It is researching and getting findings. That is why philosophy is considered the father of education. If we do not recognize anything even though we learn at school, why waste money on tuition and time?

Student: What did Gautama Buddha realize? There are a lot of people around us that say they have become enlightened, then have they really become enlightened?

Speaker: Gautama Buddha, born in India, became enlightened among the present humankind who have come through six thousand years. An awakening means seeing what is in the truth. He who realizes the truth tells the truth, sees the existing matters, and does not speak untruth. Most of what he said during his lifetime, in order to enlighten the people after he was awakened, is that everything in the world is repeated. The term ‘samsara’ refers to repetition phenomenon.

In the world, there are a lot of people who say they became enlightened but they actually hadn’t really become enlightened. Most of the time, a dead spirit enters his consciousness, replacing words he doesn't know and seeing things that others can't see. It is a matter of great trouble to oneself, not to realize it. If you were to listen in and accept the words of such a person, you will also have such a problem. Such a thing kills one's own soul.

Student: How can we verify the people who had a false awakening?

Speaker: The ones with false awakening know nothing about truth when you ask them of it. Ask them about love. What is the definition of love? The world is brought about by what is, and what will be. The world exists by principle.

Student: What is the consciousness that people have?

Speaker: If you analyze a human being, it is made up of material and gas. This gas has consciousness, and the consciousness keeps its activity through the organs of the body made up of materials. This consciousness becomes a soul when the person dies. The soul is bound to revive after a certain period of time. It is reborn with a body. The basis of this soul is created with the matters that have existed in itself in the past.

Student: What is karma?

Speaker: Karma is what is at the root of one’s life, the thing that is within oneself because of something that had happened to oneself. If a mistake leads us to do something wrong, we say it is a bad karma. 

When your consciousness rises to a higher level than it is now, you realize that you don't know anything. That's when you start to see what's been going on as it is. Since the existing matters are at the root of all the problems, you can see how the matter itself changes. In my view, things that people do in religion and school are no different from comedy.



The debate continued until late in the night. The speaker said that the 5 questions he asked the students are the most basic common sense humankind ought to know, but the fact that nobody knew about the contents, was regrettable for even me who was translating. 

I could not shake off the anxiousness over what results would be brought to people in their own lives, when they live in the context in which they cannot learn or know about the existing matters. 

People must clearly weigh themselves when standing at crossroads. 

Will you find truth in existing matters? Or will you be deceived by believing in the untruth in your thoughts? 