Words

Final Update: April 22, 2018

 

- My capability has already known about the meaning of life and every way of harmony that exists in life, and has come to know the meaning of creation, such that I can easily suggest all paths that humans want. However, there is no one who wants a path.

 

- Flowing water does not get corrupted, but stagnant water becomes rotten.

The one who follows the teachings of an enlightened one will attain everlasting life. Flowing water will eventually enter the sea, where that sea is living forever. That is, the sea of everlasting life.

Stagnant water will eventually become rotten such that those who follow a foolish person will lose themselves. Stagnant water appears peaceful on the surface. It appears stable. But the inside is filled with foul odor and ugliness. 

Flowing water is exhausting. It is difficult to follow an enlightened person. The ones who follow want to rest. But the flowing water does not allow for rest.

The reason for people not coming close to me, nor coming to Dharma Center [DharmaWon aka DharmaOne, i.e. the circle which included Soyun and Bugun] is because I am an enlightened one. One’s mind will become healthy if one comes here. The flowing water cleanses their delusions. They will be able to look at themselves properly. Sometimes, that is ugly, miserable, and painful. 

So they run far away from here. The fact is that they are running away from themselves. The biggest blessing is to continue to engage in the truth by overcoming the temptation to run away. 
They will attain a standard of life.

My teaching is to tell the facts as I see them,
You will see that very quickly if you take my words and see the world through them.

 

- People will recognize you for the works that are difficult. Who will recognize you for doing works that are not difficult? People will envy you if you do easy work. People do not want to do difficult work. You will get recognized if you do the work that no one does. If you sincerely believe that you love the world then you will be able to do any kind of work. No matter what kind of work it is, the way to put yourself in front of others is to do the work that you can do.

 

- To attain enlightenment, you must first meet an enlightened person.
If not, it is difficult to throw away the lies that are kept in you.

The second is to recognize the works that are there.

The third is to have conscience and courage.

The fourth is that endless love must exist within you. This love must accompany your conscience and make the works extinct. If you attain everlasting life by burning up the works then you can see the things as they are.

If you ask an enlightened person, “what have you been enlightened about?” then I can only answer it this way.

I can see the things as they are. I can see the things that exist.

The things that are in the world become the sources and through the things that there are, all forms are caused to exist. The world too, like a mathematical formula, is the source by which a problem makes a solution.

 

-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

<©Nature’s Teachings Publication>
