

Precepts (System)



Having seen the times of this world, I have created precepts (system) appropriate for the time.

 

One should not harbor grudges in this world.

That is, do not allow others to harbor grudges due to your faults.

There are precepts (system), a way that you should adhere to in order to avoid such grudges. 



==========

Buddhist Precepts

1. Do not kill.

1. Do not steal.

1. Do not tell falsehoods. (Do not deceive others)

1. Do not commit adultery. (Do not commit adultery with those who have their own families)



This is the way to not harbor grudges from the world.

Not fearing such things and not staying vigilant will cause others to harbor grudges towards you. If you cause grudges in others, your heart will not be able to be at a good place. That grudge is always blocking your way.

Therefore, one that seeks enlightenment, blessings while in this world should never allow others to harbor grudges towards him.

If you see such precepts, you will realize that they have binding forces.

Thus, those who fail to see the profound meanings behind the precepts will fail to keep them as they only become heavy burdens.

However, everyone should realize that without knowing these meanings, they cannot attain spiritual freedom or even enlightenment. 

That is, do not destroy yourself.

First, it indicates that others can build grudges due to my actions,
Next, it teaches one to stay vigilant of building grudges towards others.

 

==========

Precepts of Vigilance

1. Be vigilant of flattery.
	
1. Be vigilant of conceit. (Do not despise, disrespect others)

1. Be vigilant of asking. (Do not ask or expect)

1. Be vigilant of harboring grudge.



Those who enjoy flattery will be deceived and lose themselves. 
If one asks or expects certain things from others based on one's own work,
Walls can be formed between each others' hearts, should it lead to disappointments.

If you hold grudges when certain things happen to you, you will harbor grudges toward others.

What one needs to be vigilant about is oneself.

If I do not stay vigilant of myself, grudge can be harbored in me.

If I harm others, they will harbor grudges that will shackle me,
If I harbor grudges toward others, I will live in shackles as my heart will shackle them,

If I am being shackled by others or others are being shackled by me,
Regardless of what kind of efforts are undertaken in this world, it will be very difficult to obtain spiritual freedom.

This is the biggest secret of the precepts (system).

If one wants to enhance patience and brighten one's mind as a trainee,
One must be very vigilant of desires.

Your heart cannot be brightened if you do not stay vigilant.
Anyone with overwhelming desires cannot have peace in his mind or body.
 

==========

Trainee's Precepts

1. Do not desire recognition. (I am in me. Be diligent upon the given work and do not covet honor)

1. Do not desire material things. (Do not fall for material things)

1. Do not desire lust. (Be careful of being lustful)

1. Do not desire alcohol.

1. Do not desire meat.

 

Upon analysis, these five things have interrelated dynamics.

Anyone who does not forego these five things from their heart cannot see the world in the right perspective.

Anyone who desires these five things can never know the right from the wrong.

They cannot see the righteous way.

If a trainee is not able to keep these five things, they can never be vigilant or keep the Buddhist precepts.

This is certainly necessary to a trainee.

A trainee must keep these five things.

 

==========

I will offer five special precepts if you ask how you can live in peace in this world, be blessed, and arrive at heaven through yourself as a husband, a wife, or a member of the society. 

If you keep these things and make them the foundation of your life, any of you can be blessed in this world and see the results in this world as well. Furthermore, you will live a life of fullness as you live in this time.

As a non-trainee, the best precepts that can be followed so that one can succeed in this world while keeping one's family, obtain peace in one's heart, and attain a good mind by building virtues around him and through those virtues are,

 

Precepts to Act Upon

1. Do not forget advice. (Use other's advice as teachings, and see the world through the advice. See the mind of those who give you advice and see the world through that advice whether it is good or bad)

1. Do not forget to be humble. (Put others' minds at ease, do not burden them, but serve them as you interact with others)

1. Do not forget to be diligent. (Nothing in this world is impossible to achieve with efforts. Do not attempt to achieve without effort, and obtain everything with effort)

1. Do not forget to be frugal. (Frugality means conservation. You will lose everything that you've obtained no matter how hard you try if you seek pleasure and extravagance)

1. Do not forget to be honest. (Live righteously)

- Live life in diligence, keep life with frugality, and obtain peace of mind through honesty.

 

==========

I will explain to you how you can obtain spiritual freedom and enlightenment through this precept.

First, there are the Buddhist Precepts - the precepts to adhere to.

That is, do not cause others to harbor grudges.

If you harm or destroy others, it will cause grudges to be harbored in their hearts, and if they harbor grudges, those grudges will become intertwined with you.

The meaning in this world is not defined by one thing, but it always exists by the relative powers.

If I harm others, they will harbor grudges toward me, and those hearts of grudges will manifest in my heart as well. That is, as the hearts of two people are connected, without others severing that grudge, I cannot severe it by myself. 

Regardless of how righteous of a life I lead, no matter how much virtue I build, the truth that needs to be realized is that if I cause others to harbor grudges due to accumulated wickedness, I cannot go anywhere as I will be shackled by those grudges. 

Who would harbor grudges toward me if I do not kill, do not deceive others, do not harm, do not steal from others, and do not plunder other's woman or man?

Binding by rope can be unbound with time, but it is very difficult to unbind something that is bound by hearts. You must try so that your heart does not bind to other people's hearts.

One should never cause others to harbor grudges if one seeks spiritual freedom, eternal life, and enlightenment.

Everyone must try to not be shackled, by always seeing the precepts and observing them.

 
The next one is to follow the precepts of vigilance,

That is of oneself.

Even if I do not commit evil deeds, I can still develop grudges without being vigilant of myself. That is, if someone harms or deceives me, grudge can develop in my heart. If grudge develops in me, I will be shackled as my heart will be always bound to that person.

If I harm others, I will be shackled by others, if I am harmed by others, I will continue to live with my heart shackled to others; if I am shackled by others or I am shackling another, then it will be very difficult to attain spiritual freedom even with someone's help.

 

The subsequent trainee's precept is,

Today, the trainee's patience is weaker than ordinary people, so in order to master the truth through obtaining patience and learning the truth, it teaches that one must distance oneself from desires, as a precept to adhere to, as they must brighten their mind. 

I am not insisting on you to forgo the desires. 

As people cannot live without desires, if you are to focus on the next five precepts as what must be adhered to, the desire will naturally be counterbalanced. 

It is only that as a trainee seeks understandings, they must adhere to the five precepts to follow.

 

The Buddhist precepts, precepts of vigilance, trainee's precepts are the foundations of the precepts (system) that lead to one's understandings, such that holding grudges or causing others to have grudges, as well as having burning desires will not lead to understandings nor allow you to see a brightened mind. Therefore, in order to see a brightened mind, you must live by seeing yourself in the mirror of the precepts that I have practiced until now. 

 

First, do not ignore other's advice, but always think why you should take others' advice to heart as you see the world. Then make that advice as a path to understanding,

Second, treat others with humility in order to reduce your flaws.

Third, supplement your poverty and build a life with diligence,

Fourth, keep a life with frugality and achieve the wealth that you wish to have in this world.

Anyone who were to adhere to these four things would live a life of truthfulness, as such, the person that leads such a life will be able to keep the aforementioned 13 precepts.

Then you can certainly achieve spiritual freedom.

If your heart is brightened then you will achieve the freedom of life.

That is, your heart can be free from the influence of the workings of the world [i.e. the influence of the sphere of worldly existence or the law of the world; Dharmadhatu].

Your future is chosen based on your will,
I am telling you that you will reincarnate through your will and the future life will be achieved.

All salvation starts from oneself.

 

==========

I do not necessarily insist on you to do this or that.
All I am explaining is that if you do this, this will happen, and if you do that, that will happen.
There will be people who fail to understand me even if I repeat my message 100 times while at the same time, there will be others that will try to follow and achieve it by coming to an understanding upon hearing the message just once. That is due to the foundation.



You must try on your own to build and change your own foundation.
That effort becomes useless when your foundation does not want it.

 

Despite all the challenges and loneliness, I tried my best to wake you up from sleep and sing these things as if they were songs so that you can see the truth, and I wish to have this truth reach the future generations so that,
They can see how important these are in their lives, how these efforts lead to peace in the world, how people can attain spiritual freedom, how it becomes the root of the freedom of the world, how happiness can be supplied to human beings,
And how people can believe in heaven and have the ultimate dream of entering paradise
I think that it is the greatest blessing and take satisfaction when everyone follows these precepts and treats these precepts as an enjoyable doctrine of their lives. 



These precepts lead me to not cause grudges, not hold grudges in my heart, and not be shackled by grudges of others in this world.



If there are grudges in me or I have caused grudges in others because of my past faults, there exists, in this world, prayer, supplication and such that will wash them clean through penitence.
 


Anyone will be able to attain spiritual freedom by unshackling all grudges in your heart that are shackling you to others, from your former or present life, by knowing such meanings via the precepts and repenting, by unshackling the grudges in your heart through understandings, by following this path, by believing such things, and by acting in adherence to them. 
 


<At East Daeshin-Dong, August 16 and 23, 1989>