Prayer of penitence and prayer of hope
 

The fact that I recommend ‘people to please pray’,

Means that you want to give a prayer of penitence and a prayer of hope.

 

I do not want prayers meant for an idol.

Even if I were to die before you, and your descendants were to still be alive or you were to be reincarnated into a new world, I surely would not want you to worship me.

 

Why do I tell you to give a prayer of penitence.

If I have even a tiny grudge in my heart because I was deceived by others due to my ignorance, and I was harmed by others due to my ignorance, then I pray in order to enlighten myself from my ignorance,
 

If I have caused others to hold grudges in their hearts with my deeds, then my efforts to break that grudge which has been formed will be by opening a way of apology through penitence, and through the grudge that is connected to my heart.

If there is no effort to receive forgiveness of sins, either committed in the present life or in the former life, through penitence, then you will not be able to wash the grudge that has been formed in your hearts, and no matter how hard you try for that purpose, the end result of your efforts will not meet your expectations.

 

And I told you to give prayer of hope.

Since everything that you do is in the meaning, I am telling you to believe that and give a prayer of hope, so that you can stay vigilant, and protect yourself from this dark and dangerous world. I surely tell you the fact that there is nothing that you cannot achieve if you remain diligent in your efforts by constantly holding on to what you wish through hope.  

Now, I have told you about the fact as to how you can save yourselves, how you can live in this corrupt world, and the kind of hope and despair that exist throughout this life. 



I have told you the fact that if you desert such meaning and listen to an ignorant person, make ignorant decisions, and practice ignorant deeds by falling into ignorant place then you will fall into an inescapable pit of calamities, and as a result, you will endlessly circle around the world of grudge. 

 

<August 23, 1989. From East Daeshindong>