30.  Despair and Blessing

In my thoughts, I believed that there would be comrades who had the thoughts of saving our society whenever I just went out to seek them near me.

I wandered the streets in search of those people.  As time passed each day, my mind felt lonely.  My mind grew impatient and my chest was suffocating.  

Troubled by it for many years, my only thought was to go up to Seoul and do something about it so much that I pressed my wife to prepare the travel expenses, even though I knew that my family’s financial situation had become difficult.

My thought was only that my conscience must overcome those who are not righteous.

My heart was on fire only by the fact that I must report to the society of those wicked people who harassed individuals, which led to creating mistrust in the society, and who deceived the country to the point of depleting what was already in poor finances.

So, I went up to Seoul, ignoring my wife’s advice as only unpleasant noise from a woman.  If I only went to the place where a great number of people lived, I believed that there would be people who could save a wronged conscience.

That’s what I believed when I went up to Seoul, but soon my assumption was overridden with miscalculations.

Some of the well known national assemblymen didn’t even bother to respond to the reality of the state of the nation nor about the righteousness of a society, even when I personally visited them. 
Frustrated, I even went to various political parties in efforts to seek even a verbal support with respect to my struggles, but I was only met with immediate humiliation and ridicule.

Even my very close friends, in the old days, went out of their way to avoid me for some reason, and those who have succeeded in the society went even further by not even bothering to meet with me.

How could the world be this way, I thought as my mind was reaching the point of insanity, going beyond just feeling sad.  Whatever the reason was, everyone that I had met only advised me, turning their backs on the suffocating things that were in the world.

I felt so frustrated after seeing all those people.  The great number of people in Seoul have all become parrots, it seemed. 

Rather than wrath, laughter came out of me when I saw the acts that were void of emotions.  When I looked at the situation from a different perspective, I saw it as a comedy on a stage.  

I laughed at myself for being so persistent up to this point.  What could I have possibly expected by coming to a place like this, I thought.

The only things that I could feel from inside of my body were death, and the mind that was even more painful than death.

What will the world eventually become?  I thought about the unfortunate minds of those people who could not catch the thieves even when they saw them.  In such situation, my mind was falling deeper into the pit of despair.

I organized those thoughts in my mind.  I heard a voice, telling me to kill my memories.  That was, forget about the people who are useless.  

It was telling me that I had to wash away the past experiences.  I heard a voice that was telling me to start my life from scratch from today.

At last, I began to teach myself.  I even thought that I could understand the world a bit in my mind.  As a result, I began to loosen the pride that was chaining me up to this point.  

A decision to seek a 2nd life in this world re-emerged even if the life ahead would be more difficult, and lonelier.  

Right at that moment, a strong fire of life began traveling from my heart towards my head again.  

I began to feel the heat in my own mind.

I knelt to the floor on my knees as I collected my hands together.

As electrical current was traveling throughout my body, I began to shake and felt hot.

At this moment, I began a prayer of supplication towards a high place.  

I will keep myself so that I can be respected even by my adversaries.  

Finally, I looked back at the fate of my own life that I have lived and started to write my life’s story for others.

I recalled my past memories one at a time.  My mind became clearer and my hands shook.

For the young people of the future and thinking about the future of the home country, I wrote my words on paper. 

Fear has escaped me from inside of my body.  In its place, a big emotion has filled it.  That is, a strange situation took place.  

Many illnesses that were inside my body began to disappear one at a time.

Things were happening that no one could believe.

The extreme coughs ceased and the nose that was red turned to a normal color.  Suffocating illnesses in the chest were healed.  

My wife was curious upon seeing how I had changed.  When I told her what had happened to me, she murmured, wondering whether an evil spirit had entered me. 



I was reborn.

A loud sound permeated from within my chest.

Fight against your own cowardly self.  


 


Epilogue




I introduce this writing to those who are feeling lonely and suffocating from the society in which faith has been muddied.  

Despite the given fate of despair, I’ve written a story of myself for 40 years, as to how I kept myself from abuse, disdain, contempt, and persecution by seeking happiness and emotions through conscience and bravery.

As soon as you read this book, you will realize the fact that any person is able to bless themselves.  

I want to tell the words to those people who have the difficult fate of asking, what is happiness, and what is misfortune, that true happiness cannot be achieved without understanding the value of eternal life.

I dare to sincerely expect that more people would attain even a small amount of life’s blessing, through my sacrifices.  

 

- The End –
