Lonely Struggle

Having been born into the world and living a unique life, I am a person who feels that I have wasted so much time with the one hope of knowing myself.  

I thought about those who were lonely every time my conscience suffered and felt sorry whenever I witnessed people committing acts that would bring misfortunes to themselves.  There exist fear and loneliness in this society of irresistible forces.

Everyone, whether good or evil, has troubles.  Such things existed in the past, and I assume that they will continue to remain in the future.  It is because humans possess the fate of choosing between good luck and misfortune as they fight against lifetimes’ despairs during their short lives.  

The promise between humans and God is the promise of the responsibility of their self-care.  I put forth these words to those who lack the bravery and decision-making abilities to save themselves.   

Through words, I wanted to show the disdain, contempt, abuse, and persecution that I experienced, and to present myself as a comparison to those who live in despair and loneliness.

Only after having experienced hunger and jealousy, coldness and loneliness, a victimized conscience, and fearful things, have I come to know true hope.  The conclusion is that a conscience that seeks suffering on behalf of others can become happiness.  

I thought that only beautiful memories will keep one’s mind eternally happy.

For someone who is able to deceive others with capability or talent, yet unable to deceive himself, it can be said that that person would have to live eternally with unfortunate memories.  

That is the truth.  No one can change this truth by human powers.  

As a result, people pray to God to save their respective consciences.

The churches have become such places as well as the temples.  Such locations exist wherever there is a place where the name of God exists.  

It may be possible to wash clean part of one’s spirit through one’s utmost sincerity, but seeking salvation without beautiful memories is foolishness, rather than a truth.  

The most important thing to a person is that person’s conscience.  How he had lived or died does not become the issue.  That is, the spirit’s conscience must be free of burden when it dies.  

Through my life, I feel the promise of God.  The one who saves oneself is blessed.

I believe that these words will persist as long as value exists in human existence.  

I want to show the way to those people who do not have blessings yet.  

Let those people who are lonely in this world fight against their cowardly selves.